welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the blackout
when an alarm is triggered at the
outpost military base
soldiers take up positions and prepare
for battle it is reported that an
unidentified enemy is approaching
creatures larger than humans moving at a
speed of 20 kilometers per hour
24 days before the events of the
prologue
serviceman oleg has a date with elena
later they go back to his place suddenly
the entire world
except for the area around moscow and
parts of belarus
ukraine and finland as plunged into
darkness
the fate of billions is unknown
communications are down throughout the
rest of the world
and only a small number of people have
survived in the area that becomes known
as the circle of life
a defensive perimeter is established and
reconnaissance groups are sent out
they find that there was an attack on
earth killing almost everything
to defend against the mysterious enemy
the humans mobilize an army
and outposts are built after leaving the
circle of life to conduct a
reconnaissance operation
oleg stays in an abandoned house
he encounters an unknown person who
easily injures him
the other soldiers try to shoot the
stranger but he escapes
the action goes back to the prologue
while preparing for an unknown enemy
electricity is turned off and the
outpost is plunged into darkness
after being informed that creatures
bigger than humans are emerging from the
forest at 20 kilometers per hour
they begin to fire while discovering
that the enemy is in fact a massive herd
of grizzly bears
the next morning not all soldiers had
survived
among the survivors as oleg whose leg
was injured
in a hospital oleg's doctor gives him a
cast and gives a package
asking him to hand it to one person in
moscow
oleg returns to moscow and the next
morning zhenya comes to him for the same
package
however oleg refuses to give the package
until he finds out what is in it
eugene begins to threaten with a pistol
but oleg selects him and himself begins
to threaten them
at this moment the newcomer eat comes in
the guise of oleg's father and tries to
force him to give the package to zhenya
but oleg refuses and eat causes
temporary headaches for oleg so that
they can escape with the package
oleg enrage returns to the outpost and
begins to strangle elena until
she says what was in that package she
explains that she herself did not know
anything and she was simply forced
at this time zhenya and deed in the
secret laboratory
take out the severed arm with the virus
inside from that package and realize
that they are late
at this moment eid comes to the patient
sasha
whom the soldiers brought along with him
and asks for his help
since he knows where his brother ra is
who is behind all this
four soldiers led by marina are pointing
weapons at eid
but the latter with the help of
supernormal abilities
misleads the soldiers who are pointing
weapons at marina and suggests
that he explain everything to them if
they save his life
during interrogation eid explains that
he is an alien from a distant star
system that has long died out
they want to move to earth because in
their constellation the star
sun is still young and will live long
enough
ra is behind all this although before
the eid thought he was the only one
on earth he arrived on earth another 200
000 years ago which means that according
to his calculations
the ship with their army will be here
tomorrow
the problem is that he does not know
where ra is hiding
which controls the minds of ordinary
people outside the
circle of life this happened because the
moon at that time covered moscow and
other small territories around it with
its shadow
but the only one who knows where to find
him sasha
it penetrates sasha's head and he finds
out that raw is on the roof of a
skyscraper in kiriv
at that moment raw himself looked at
sasha and realized that he had been
found
eve decided to leave sasha at the
outpost and raw at that time
ordered people to launch nuclear
missiles at the outpost
however eid with zhenya and the rest of
the soldiers
led by mary remain alive as they left
the base
at this time jura joins the satellite 9
group of the outposts and in the middle
of the night finds a defenseless
teenager in one of the apartments
however he merely pretended to be shy
and took away a knife from one of the
soldiers
killing him a whole crowd of people
begins to attack the group under the
control of ra and only
jura antholia remain alive they hijack
one of the abandoned cars and drive
back to the outpost on the way
they meet the surviving outpost soldiers
led by marina and major davlatov
from whom they learn that the outpost
was destroyed by a massive missile
strike
eid explains that if shenya went with
them raw would have killed them
otherwise
and the outpost would have left him
alone
gathered together they go back to kirib
encountering a crowd of people under the
control of ra
fight through a skyscraper climb the
roof and find raw
eat and raw enter the battle and the eid
brings raw to the floor
tearing the last chest at the last
moment
yura thrusts a grenade into ra's chest
and undermines it
all the people who were under the
control of ra again and again all die
and fall to the ground
only yura oleg marina olia
elena ede and lavren remain alive
eid explains that this number of people
is enough to be reborn again
as people will be able to breed and give
birth to many new children
oleg is furious trying to kill eid but
yura stands up for the alien
knocks oleg to the floor and beats him
while olya shoots him
the survivors do not believe eat and try
to kill him
but with the help of superpowers he
deceives them in every way and makes
them kill each other
at the last moment lafrin betrays eid
and throws him along with himself from
the roof
dying with him in the fall an alien ship
descends from the sky
next to a skyscraper and a hatch opens
however the aliens for some reason do
not go
out elena olia and oleg decide to enter
the alien ship while the
injured ura shouts in their backs we
will die all the same
entering the ship they find out that all
the aliens are still sleeping in cryo
capsules and have not woken up
countdown timers turn on at cryo
capsules and the three main characters
decide to break the pipes for oxygen
supply
thereby killing them in the capsules
themselves leaving them to die without
oxygen
when it remains to destroy the last tube
it turns out that it delivers oxygen to
the capsules with the alien's children
and they decide not to break it the
capsule timers reach
zero the capsules open and alien
children crawl out of their capsules
when they see three representatives of
planet earth in front of them
the latter voluntarily throw their
weapons on the floor in front of their
eyes
proving that they will not harm them
thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
you